# PIP-FUCCI-Analysis-codes
Sahezeel Awadia/Rehemtulla Lab @ Umich, Ann arbor
Using the PIP FUCCI codes to generate Graphs from Image video frames
1)	Open the file sequence in Image J/Fiji software and follow the guidelines provided with ImageJ workflow.pdf to obtain .csv file. Use ImageJ codes 
2)	Use MATLAB to perform a preprocessing of this .CSV file (All spot statistics.csv). Use pre_processing.m file in MATLAB and provide location of the folder where .csv file is saved. Running these codes will generate a folder in your desired location with folder “graphs”(all graphs generated from .CSV file provided) and “good G1”(empty folder). Manually go through all the graphs and discard background noise graphs. Select good graphs and copy into folder good G1. A tracks.mat file will also be generated. DO nothing with this file (DO NOT DELETE this file) 
3)	Based on the graph requirement run the following codes. a) To obtain time in G1 and G1 to S transition alignment use codes find_median.m. These codes will generate multiple graphs with individual graphs aligned at G1 to S transition with a mean (thick line) and individual graphs (thin lines). Graphs for both Green and Red channels will be generated. These graphs will be saved in the output folder location provided while running. (Used in Fig 1 of the FADD manuscript). b) To generate the graphs of all cells without in-silico synchronization run codes find_median_Mitosis_stuck_in_G1_stand_alone.m or find_median_Mitosis_stuck_in_G1_all_treatments.m. These codes will generate graphs that are selected based on their “red drop” meaning immediately after mitosis and the time will be labelled as 0 hrs. Both red and green channel graphs will be produced individually as well as combined (used in Fig 3 and 4 of the FADD manuscript).  
